does it feel heavy or you okay yeah
Ithaca stabbed in her wings and country
girl country yeah gorgeous did you think
the gloves look bizarre walk again I
don't actually need gloves on that looks
weird she looks weird with that oh I'm
fine what she's about to do something
weird
removing gloves from Jessica glove
removal absolutely happening
off we go lovely Jessica sound I love
the way those winds move Wow wow that's
amazing and it's all really glittery in
the neck I love that Wow looking killers
amazing all hand-painted yeah so
kaykai's got these amazing wings that
killer has made with the wing make that
a mess
darning she's gorgeous she just looks
epic to her secrets were saying for the
finale outfit the bubble machine on Coco
the bubble isn't it to be coming out of
that we're waiting no that stage having
her wing Fatima the bubbly
Wow
Oh